src/content/guardians/openssf.md, before:

---
name: "Example Company 1"
type: "foundation"
description: "A technology foundation focused on supporting open source security initiatives and helping projects implement best practices for secure software development."
website: "https://example1.org"
location: "Global"

# Contact Information
contact_email: "info@example1.org"
github_org: "example1"
social_media:
  twitter: "example1"
  linkedin: "example-company-1"

# Sponsor Focus
focus_areas: 
  - "Security Audits"
  - "Dependency Management"
  - "Critical Infrastructure"
  - "Open Source Funding"
supported_ecosystems: ["JavaScript", "Python", "Java", "Go", "C/C++", "Rust"]

# Programs & Services
programs:
  - "Alpha-Omega Project"
  - "Scorecard Security Assessment"
  - "Supply Chain Security"
  - "Best Practices Badge"
  - "Security Tooling"
funding_available: true
provides_mentorship: true
provides_infrastructure: true

# Capacity & Scale
size: "organization"
projects_supported: 150
annual_budget: "1m-plus"

# Metadata
established_date: 2020-08-03
featured: true
verified: true
tags: ["security", "foundation", "funding", "auditing", "supply-chain"]
---

## About Example Company 1

Example Company 1 is a technology foundation dedicated to supporting open source security initiatives and helping projects implement security best practices. We work with maintainers and organizations to strengthen the security posture of critical open source software.

Our foundation brings together security experts, developers, and organizations to collaborate on improving open source security through targeted initiatives, tooling, and community building.

## Key Programs

### Security Assessment Initiative
Our primary program focuses on conducting comprehensive security audits and assessments for open source projects to identify vulnerabilities and improve security practices.

- **Critical Project Support**: Direct security engineering for high-impact projects
- **Assessment Tools**: Automated security evaluation tools for all projects

### Security Scorecard Program
An automated assessment system that evaluates open source projects against security best practices and provides actionable feedback.

### Supply Chain Security
Educational programs and tools focused on securing the open source software supply chain through improved practices and standards.

## How We Help

### For Critical Projects
- Security audits and assessments
- Dedicated security engineering support
- Infrastructure and tooling
- Community security training

### For All Projects
- Free security assessment tools
- Best practice documentation
- Security training materials
- Vulnerability disclosure coordination

## Support Available

Example Company 1 provides both financial support and technical expertise to open source projects working to improve their security posture. We prioritize projects that:

- Have significant downstream impact
- Are committed to implementing security improvements
- Can serve as examples for the broader ecosystem
- Address critical infrastructure needs

## Getting Started

Projects can engage with Example Company 1 through:
- Security assessment requests
- Funding applications for security improvements
- Technical consultation services
- Community discussions and support forums

Commit message:

removed duplicate playbooks, updated sponsors and pracitioner design, some about page things

src/content/guardians/openssf.md, after:

---
name: "Your company name here"
type: "foundation"
description: "When you sponsor, your company or name will be added to the main page as a supporter of the open source ecosystem. Support open source sustainability and be recognized for your impact."
website: "https://example1.org"
location: "Global"

# Contact Information
contact_email: "info@example1.org"
github_org: "example1"
social_media:
  twitter: "example1"
  linkedin: "example-company-1"

# Sponsor Focus
focus_areas: 
  - "Security Audits"
  - "Dependency Management"
  - "Critical Infrastructure"
  - "Open Source Funding"
supported_ecosystems: ["JavaScript", "Python", "Java", "Go", "C/C++", "Rust"]

# Programs & Services
programs:
  - "Alpha-Omega Project"
  - "Scorecard Security Assessment"
  - "Supply Chain Security"
  - "Best Practices Badge"
  - "Security Tooling"
funding_available: true
provides_mentorship: true
provides_infrastructure: true

# Capacity & Scale
size: "organization"
projects_supported: 150
annual_budget: "1m-plus"

# Metadata
established_date: 2020-08-03
featured: true
verified: true
tags: ["security", "foundation", "funding", "auditing", "supply-chain"]
---

## About Example Company 1

Example Company 1 is a technology foundation dedicated to supporting open source security initiatives and helping projects implement security best practices. We work with maintainers and organizations to strengthen the security posture of critical open source software.

Our foundation brings together security experts, developers, and organizations to collaborate on improving open source security through targeted initiatives, tooling, and community building.

## Key Programs

### Security Assessment Initiative
Our primary program focuses on conducting comprehensive security audits and assessments for open source projects to identify vulnerabilities and improve security practices.

- **Critical Project Support**: Direct security engineering for high-impact projects
- **Assessment Tools**: Automated security evaluation tools for all projects

### Security Scorecard Program
An automated assessment system that evaluates open source projects against security best practices and provides actionable feedback.

### Supply Chain Security
Educational programs and tools focused on securing the open source software supply chain through improved practices and standards.

## How We Help

### For Critical Projects
- Security audits and assessments
- Dedicated security engineering support
- Infrastructure and tooling
- Community security training

### For All Projects
- Free security assessment tools
- Best practice documentation
- Security training materials
- Vulnerability disclosure coordination

## Support Available

Example Company 1 provides both financial support and technical expertise to open source projects working to improve their security posture. We prioritize projects that:

- Have significant downstream impact
- Are committed to implementing security improvements
- Can serve as examples for the broader ecosystem
- Address critical infrastructure needs

## Getting Started

Projects can engage with Example Company 1 through:
- Security assessment requests
- Funding applications for security improvements
- Technical consultation services
- Community discussions and support forums
