src/content/faq/guardian-transparency.md, before:

---
title: "How will Guardians know how their money is spent?"
description: "Transparency and accountability measures for Guardian investments"
category: "For Ecosystem Guardians"
order: 2
---

We provide comprehensive transparency and accountability measures for Guardian investments:

**Regular Reporting:**
- **Progress Updates**: Bi-weekly status reports during active work
- **Financial Tracking**: Clear breakdown of how funds are allocated
- **Milestone Reports**: Detailed deliverables at every project milestone
- **Impact Metrics**: Quantifiable outcomes and improvements achieved

**Documentation:**
- **Work Logs**: Detailed records of time spent and activities performed
- **Deliverable Tracking**: All outputs, recommendations, and implementations documented
- **Before/After Analysis**: Clear evidence of improvements made to projects
- **Long-term Impact**: Follow-up reports on sustained benefits

**Access and Oversight:**
- **Guardian Dashboard**: Direct access to project progress and spending
- **Direct Communication**: Regular check-ins with practitioners and maintainers
- **Audit Trail**: Complete record of all activities and expenditures
- **Feedback Loops**: Opportunities to provide input and course-correct if needed

**Outcomes Focus:**
- **Measurable Results**: Security improvements, governance structures, funding secured
- **Sustainability Indicators**: Evidence of long-term project health improvements
- **Community Impact**: Growth in contributors, documentation, and project activity

Commit message:

updates to ecosystem guardians (no sponosrs) and other functionality accross all pages

src/content/faq/guardian-transparency.md, after:

---
title: "How will Sponsors know how their money is spent?"
description: "Transparency and accountability measures for Sponsor investments"
category: "For Ecosystem Sponsors"
order: 11
---

We provide comprehensive transparency and accountability measures for Sponsor investments:e: "How will Guardians know how their money is spent?"
description: "Transparency and accountability measures for Guardian investments"
category: "For Ecosystem Guardians"
order: 2
---

We provide comprehensive transparency and accountability measures for Guardian investments:

**Regular Reporting:**
- **Progress Updates**: Bi-weekly status reports during active work
- **Financial Tracking**: Clear breakdown of how funds are allocated
- **Milestone Reports**: Detailed deliverables at every project milestone
- **Impact Metrics**: Quantifiable outcomes and improvements achieved

**Documentation:**
- **Work Logs**: Detailed records of time spent and activities performed
- **Deliverable Tracking**: All outputs, recommendations, and implementations documented
- **Before/After Analysis**: Clear evidence of improvements made to projects
- **Long-term Impact**: Follow-up reports on sustained benefits

**Access and Oversight:**
- **Sponsor Dashboard**: Direct access to project progress and spending
- **Direct Communication**: Regular check-ins with practitioners and maintainers
- **Audit Trail**: Complete record of all activities and expenditures
- **Feedback Loops**: Opportunities to provide input and course-correct if needed

**Outcomes Focus:**
- **Measurable Results**: Security improvements, governance structures, funding secured
- **Sustainability Indicators**: Evidence of long-term project health improvements
- **Community Impact**: Growth in contributors, documentation, and project activity
