src/content/pages/about-us.md, before:

---
title: About Us
description: About the OSS Wishlist initiative
date: 2025-10-27
---

# About Us

OSS Wishlist is a community-led project created by open source people, on volunteer time, to try something new for sustainability.

> **Community first:** We're practitioners and community folks with deep open source experience, working on this in our own time because we believe it can help.

## Who

A small community of open source contributors, maintainers, and program leaders. We're not a vendor. We organize connections between projects that need help and professionals who can provide it.

**Practitioners** are experts with meaningful open source experience. They might be independent, part-time, or full-time employees of sponsors. What matters is proven capability and transparent delivery.

## Why

Sustainability often asks maintainers to do everything. We're trying a complementary approach: bring the right talent and expertise into projects so maintainers don't have to carry every responsibility alone.

- Turn "we should" into scoped, fundable work
- Lower activation energy for sponsors to help responsibly
- Create measurable outcomes projects can point to

## When

Now. This is an evolving community project. We're iterating openly and improving based on feedback from maintainers, sponsors, and practitioners.

## Where

Anywhere your projects live. We use GitHub Issues as the public, auditable record for "wishlists" and work delivery, and we surface approved wishes on this site to make them discoverable.

## How

Maintainers describe needs. Sponsors pick work to fund. Practitioners deliver. We focus on non-code and cross-cutting work where dedicated expertise unlocks outsized impact.

- Governance, security, documentation, community, funding, metrics
- Clear scopes of work, transparent milestones, and public tracking
- Approval signals and moderation for quality and safety

## Accountability

We align outcomes with established community standards:

- Community health and social impact guided by [CHAOSS](https://chaoss.community/)
- Security posture and best practices informed by [OpenSSF](https://openssf.org/)

Practitioners commit to delivering against agreed scope, publicly traceable. Sponsors see what was delivered. Maintainers keep control.

---

**Want to learn more or chat?**

We host short information sessions to share how this works and hear your needs.

[Book an information session](https://calendly.com/emma-irwin-z6wm)

Commit message:

added seeding for localization, updated About, made payment markdown instead of HTML, updated How it works

src/content/pages/about-us.md, after:

---
title: About Us
description: About the OSS Wishlist initiative
date: 2025-10-27
---

# About Us

[PHOTO] [PHOTO]

OSS Wishlist is a community-led project created by Emma Irwin, with partnership from long-time friend and open source collaborator Christos Bakarakis.

**Practitioners** We are open source pracitioners, but one of MANY open source pracitioners with availability, skill and empathy who can easily step into help open source projects repair, uplevel and build a more sustainable future.  Guided by industry standards, we've all helped write, build and improve - our time can really make a difference - and yet that connection is missing. 

We believe that by creating this connection, we can really make a huge difference for open source sustainability. 

## Why

You can't turn around without hearing how important open source sustainaiblity is. That's because it is (cue XKCD cartoon). Everyone is talking about it, many foundations, and government entities are doing their very best to make a difference - but there are cracks, giant ravenes of projects being missed because funders don't see what help they need, the associated risk of neglecting that need - or how dollars would make a difference.

Helping sponsors track the impact of their dollars is really, really hard - that;s another way we believe `Open Source Wishlist` can help!

## When

Now. This is an evolving community project. We're iterating openly and improving based on feedback from maintainers, sponsors, and practitioners.  No one 'owns' this project, we are maintainers ourselves.  

## Where

Anywhere your projects live. We use GitHub Issues as the public, auditable record for "wishlists" and work delivery, and we surface approved wishes on this site to make them discoverable.

Bonus: Ecosyste.ms now has a `wishlists` field, so you can see which of your projects has a wish (or two)!

## How

Maintainers describe needs. Sponsors identify wishes they want to sponsor, and pracitioners are disspatched, onboarded to the wish and deliver!  Pracitioners are paid based on a flat rate by service, and size of project.

If maintainers have indicated they are open to an honorariam as part of the wish, they will also recieve funds through either GitHub Sponsors or Open Collective.


## Accountability

Each wish service is graded on a rubric to ensure quality of the outcome. 

Wish sponsors can also delegate an employee, to fullfill a wish, which is of course - great! We only ask that they follow our playbook and rubrics for success - and ultimately report back so we can track progress.  


## Small print on money

Our goal is have pracitioners and maintainers paid directly through GitHub Sponsors or Open Collective. 

Sometimes pracitioners will fullfill a wish as a pro-bono offering (Free), but that is something they decide.  

We do not have plans to montetize this platform (no its not the new upwork for open source), take any portion of pracitioner payment, or collect a fee of any kind.

This is an open source, open content community project.  We (Wishlist maintainers), do still accept sponsorship which over the long term will help sustain this project.  We have goals of running hackathons and other efforts, and welcome additional support to make scaling possible (but we're still getting going).

**We expect a to learn along the way, and appreciate all report-backs**.
---

**Want to learn more or chat?**

We host short information sessions to share how this works and hear your needs.

[Book an information session](https://calendly.com/emma-irwin-z6wm)
