src/content/pages/how-it-works.md, before:

---
title: "How Open Source Wishlist Works"
description: "Connecting open source maintainers with the resources they need for sustainable project health"
---

Open Source Wishlist bridges the gap between open source projects that need support and the ecosystem that depends on them. We provide a structured pathway for maintainers to get expert help in critical areas like security, governance, funding strategy, and community building.

## The Process

A simple three-step process that connects needs with resources

### 1. Maintainers Create Wishlists

Open source maintainers browse our catalog of services and resources, then create a wishlist identifying critical needs for their project's sustainability.

- Choose from curated services and resources
- Services include security audits, governance setup, funding strategy, and more
- Resources include infrastructure hosting, moderation tools, etc.
- Wishlists are currently public (transitioning to private for security)

### 2. Wishlist Sponsors Fund Wishes

Companies, foundations, and individuals who depend on open source step in to fund one or more wishes from a project's wishlist.

- Browse active wishlists from projects you depend on
- Fund specific services or resources
- Funds managed through GitHub Sponsors or Open Collective
- Direct, measurable impact on project sustainability

### 3. Practitioners Deliver Services

Vetted open source practitioners with validated expertise are matched with funded wishes to deliver professional services.

- Practitioners meet quality standards set by OSS Wishlist
- Hired through our platform or provided by Wishlist Sponsors
- Work directly with maintainers on critical needs
- Fair compensation for expertise and labor

## Who's Involved

### Maintainers

The creators and stewards of open source projects who need support to maintain sustainable, healthy projects.

**What you get:**
- Access to expert services and resources
- No upfront costs
- Professional help in critical areas
- Support for long-term sustainability

### Wishlist Sponsors

Companies, foundations, and individuals who depend on open source and want to invest in the health of projects they rely on.

**What you get:**
- Measurable, verifiable impact
- Direct support for projects you depend on
- Transparent use of funds
- Strengthened open source ecosystem

### Practitioners

Experts in open source sustainability, security, governance, community building, and related fields who deliver professional services.

**What you get:**
- Fair compensation for expertise
- Meaningful work strengthening OSS
- Community of fellow practitioners
- Recognition for your expertise

### Trusted Organizations

Trusted organizations that provide funding, vetted practitioners, or both to support open source sustainability at scale.

**Current Partners:**
- OpenSSF
- Sovereign Tech Fund

## What Makes OSS Wishlist Different

### Human-Centered Support

While tools and automation are valuable, some problems require human expertise. We focus on connecting projects with experienced practitioners who can provide strategic guidance, hands-on help, and thoughtful solutions.

### Curated Services

Our catalog is carefully curated to address the most critical needs for project sustainability: security, governance, funding, community health, and infrastructure. We focus on quality over quantity.

### Transparent and Accountable

Funds flow through established platforms like GitHub Sponsors or Open Collective. Work is documented and verifiable. Impact is measurable.

### Ecosystem Approach

We bring together all the stakeholders in open source sustainability: maintainers who need help, sponsors who can provide it, practitioners who deliver services, and guardians who ensure quality and scale.

Commit message:

updates to playbooks, menu, and how it works

src/content/pages/how-it-works.md, after:

---
title: "How Open Source Wishlist Works"
description: "Connecting open source maintainers with the resources they need for sustainable project health"
---

Open Source Wishlist bridges the gap between open source projects that need support and the ecosystem that depends on them. We provide a structured pathway for maintainers to get expert help in critical areas like security, governance, funding strategy, and community building.

## The Process

A simple three-step process that connects needs with resources

### 1. Maintainers Create Wishlists

Open source maintainers browse our catalog of services and resources, then create a wishlist identifying critical needs for their project's sustainability.

- Choose from curated services and resources
- Services include security audits, governance setup, funding strategy, and more
- Resources include infrastructure hosting, moderation tools, etc.
- Wishlists are currently public (transitioning to private for security)

### 2. Wishlist Sponsors Fund Wishes

Companies, foundations, and individuals who depend on open source step in to fund one or more wishes from a project's wishlist.

- Browse active wishlists from projects you depend on
- Fund specific services or resources
- Funds managed through GitHub Sponsors or Open Collective
- Direct, measurable impact on project sustainability

### 3. Practitioners Deliver Services

Vetted open source practitioners with validated expertise are matched with funded wishes to deliver professional services.

- Practitioners meet quality standards set by OSS Wishlist
- Hired through our platform or provided by Wishlist Sponsors
- Work directly with maintainers on critical needs
- Fair compensation for expertise and labor

### 4. Peer Review Ensures Quality

After practitioners complete their work, peer review ensures the quality and completeness of deliverables.

- Playbooks include rubrics to assess outcomes
- Other practitioners and community experts review completed work
- Peer review validates that deliverables meet quality standards
- Ensures accountability and continuous improvement

## Who's Involved

### Maintainers

The creators and stewards of open source projects who need support to maintain sustainable, healthy projects.

**What you get:**
- Access to expert services and resources
- No upfront costs
- Professional help in critical areas
- Support for long-term sustainability

### Wishlist Sponsors

Companies, foundations, and individuals who depend on open source and want to invest in the health of projects they rely on.

**What you get:**
- Measurable, verifiable impact
- Direct support for projects you depend on
- Transparent use of funds
- Strengthened open source ecosystem

### Practitioners

Experts in open source sustainability, security, governance, community building, and related fields who deliver professional services.

**What you get:**
- Fair compensation for expertise
- Meaningful work strengthening OSS
- Community of fellow practitioners
- Recognition for your expertise

### Trusted Organizations

Trusted organizations that provide funding, vetted practitioners, or both to support open source sustainability at scale.

**Current Partners:**
- OpenSSF
- Sovereign Tech Fund

## What Makes OSS Wishlist Different

### Community-Owned and Supported

OSS Wishlist is a community-owned initiative, maintained and kept active through sponsorship. We're committed to transparency and community governance.

**Support the platform:**
- Contribute to our [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/oss-wishlist)
- Support project maintainers through our [GitHub Organization](https://github.com/oss-wishlist)

Your contributions help us:
- Keep the platform running and maintained
- Support practitioners who build and improve OSS Wishlist
- Expand services and resources for the community

### Human-Centered Support

While tools and automation are valuable, some problems require human expertise. We focus on connecting projects with experienced practitioners who can provide strategic guidance, hands-on help, and thoughtful solutions.

### Curated Services

Our catalog is carefully curated to address the most critical needs for project sustainability: security, governance, funding, community health, and infrastructure. We focus on quality over quantity.

### Transparent and Accountable

Funds flow through established platforms like GitHub Sponsors or Open Collective. Work is documented and verifiable. Impact is measurable.

### Ecosystem Approach

We bring together all the stakeholders in open source sustainability: maintainers who need help, sponsors who can provide it, practitioners who deliver services, and guardians who ensure quality and scale.
