src/content/pages/terms.md, before:

---
title: "Terms & Conditions"
description: "Terms of service for using the OSS Wishlist platform"
date: 2025-10-29
---

# Terms & Conditions

**Effective Date:** October 29, 2025  
**Last Updated:** October 29, 2025

## OSS Wishlist's Role

OSS Wishlist is a community-owned platform that connects open source maintainers with practitioners and sponsors. We are a facilitator, not a contracting party. All work agreements, payments, and deliverables are directly between sponsors/maintainers and practitioners.

We are not hands-off: practitioners listed on the platform are curated and approved based on demonstrated expertise and community reputation. We provide playbooks, rubrics, and guidance to help scope engagements and align expectations.

## No Guarantees

Pricing tiers and service descriptions are guidelines. While we vet practitioners and facilitate peer review of deliverables, we do not guarantee specific outcomes, results, or timelines. Each engagement’s success depends on collaboration between all parties and factors outside our control.

## Independent Practitioners

Practitioners listed on our platform are independent contractors, not employees or agents of OSS Wishlist. All practitioners are approved through a lightweight vetting process that evaluates experience, references, and community reputation. Practitioners remain responsible for their own work quality, deliverables, and professional conduct.

We do not represent or warrant any practitioner’s licensure or compliance with jurisdiction-specific professional requirements unless expressly stated for a given service.

## Quality Control and Peer Review

We facilitate peer review of completed work using playbook rubrics as a quality control measure. We also perform reasonable due diligence on engagements facilitated through the platform (for example, reviewing scope alignment against service definitions and rubric criteria). These measures help maintain standards but do not constitute a warranty or guarantee of work quality or specific outcomes.

If a peer review identifies substantive gaps relative to the agreed scope, we encourage the parties to address the gaps directly. OSS Wishlist may provide guidance, but we are not a party to the contract and cannot compel remediation.

## What We Commit To

- Curate and approve practitioners who are respected experts in their fields
- Provide clear service definitions, playbooks, and rubrics to set expectations
- Facilitate transparent scoping and peer review of results
- Maintain a simple path to raise concerns or feedback about engagements

These commitments reflect reasonable diligence, not a guarantee of outcome.

## Limitation of Liability

OSS Wishlist is not responsible for the quality of work delivered, disputes between parties, payment issues, or any damages arising from engagements facilitated through our platform.

## Payment Terms

All payments are processed directly through third-party platforms (GitHub Sponsors, Open Collective). OSS Wishlist does not handle, hold, or control funds.

Payment is made in advance to practitioners once a wishlist fulfillment has been finalized and scheduled. Each payment covers a one-time, single-service engagement. Follow-up work beyond the initial scope is out of scope for this initiative.

## Privacy

For information about how we collect and use your data, please see our [Privacy Policy](/oss-wishlist-website/privacy-policy).

## Changes to Terms

We may update these Terms & Conditions from time to time. We will notify you of significant changes by updating the "Last Updated" date and posting a notice on our website.

## Contact

For questions about these terms, please contact us at [info@oss-wishlist.com](mailto:info@oss-wishlist.com) or open an issue on our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/oss-wishlist/oss-wishlist-website/issues).

Commit message:

removed duplicate playbooks, updated sponsors and pracitioner design, some about page things

src/content/pages/terms.md, after:

---
title: "Terms & Conditions"
description: "Terms of service for using the OSS Wishlist platform"
date: 2025-10-29
---

# Terms & Conditions

**Effective Date:** October 29, 2025  
**Last Updated:** October 29, 2025

## OSS Wishlist's Role

OSS Wishlist is a community-owned platform that connects open source maintainers with practitioners and sponsors. We are a facilitator, not a contracting party. All work agreements, payments, and deliverables are directly between sponsors/maintainers and practitioners.

We are not hands-off: practitioners listed on the platform are curated and approved based on demonstrated expertise and community reputation. We provide playbooks, rubrics, and guidance to help scope engagements and align expectations.

## No Guarantees

Pricing tiers and service descriptions are guidelines. While we vet practitioners and facilitate peer review of deliverables, we do not guarantee specific outcomes, results, or timelines. Each engagement’s success depends on collaboration between all parties and factors outside our control.

## Independent Practitioners

Practitioners listed on our platform are independent contractors, not employees or agents of OSS Wishlist. All practitioners are approved through a lightweight vetting process that evaluates experience, references, and community reputation. Practitioners remain responsible for their own work quality, deliverables, and professional conduct.

We do not represent or warrant any practitioner’s licensure or compliance with jurisdiction-specific professional requirements unless expressly stated for a given service.

## Quality Control and Peer Review

We facilitate peer review of completed work using playbook rubrics as a quality control measure. We also perform reasonable due diligence on engagements facilitated through the platform (for example, reviewing scope alignment against service definitions and rubric criteria). These measures help maintain standards but do not constitute a warranty or guarantee of work quality or specific outcomes.

If a peer review identifies substantive gaps relative to the agreed scope, we encourage the parties to address the gaps directly. OSS Wishlist may provide guidance, but we are not a party to the contract and cannot compel remediation.

## What We Commit To

- Curate and approve practitioners who are respected experts in their fields
- Provide clear service definitions, playbooks, and rubrics to set expectations
- Facilitate transparent scoping and peer review of results
- Maintain a simple path to raise concerns or feedback about engagements

These commitments reflect reasonable diligence, not a guarantee of outcome.

## Limitation of Liability

OSS Wishlist is not responsible for the quality of work delivered, disputes between parties, payment issues, or any damages arising from engagements facilitated through our platform.

## Payment Terms

All payments are processed directly through third-party platforms (GitHub Sponsors, Open Collective). OSS Wishlist does not handle, hold, or control funds.

Payment is made in advance to practitioners once a wishlist fulfillment has been finalized and scheduled. Each payment covers a one-time, single-service engagement. Follow-up work beyond the initial scope is out of scope for this initiative.

## Tax Implications

**Important:** Sponsorship payments may have tax implications for both practitioners and maintainers depending on your jurisdiction. 

- **Practitioners:** Payments received through GitHub Sponsors, Open Collective, or similar platforms may be considered taxable income. You are responsible for understanding and complying with tax reporting requirements in your jurisdiction.
- **Maintainers:** Receiving sponsored services may also have tax implications in some jurisdictions. 

OSS Wishlist does not provide tax advice. We strongly recommend consulting with a qualified tax professional to understand your obligations regarding sponsorship payments and received services.

## Privacy

For information about how we collect and use your data, please see our [Privacy Policy](/oss-wishlist-website/privacy-policy).

## Changes to Terms

We may update these Terms & Conditions from time to time. We will notify you of significant changes by updating the "Last Updated" date and posting a notice on our website.

## Contact

For questions about these terms, please contact us at [info@oss-wishlist.com](mailto:info@oss-wishlist.com) or open an issue on our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/oss-wishlist/oss-wishlist-website/issues).
