src/content/services/maintainer-task-contributor.md, before:

---
title: "Maintainer Relief Support"
description: "Professional support to help with critical maintainer tasks and responsibilities - from PR reviews to issue triage, releases to security patches"
type: "service"
service_type: "support"
tags: ["maintenance", "support", "relief"]
featured: true
prerequisites: "Active open source project with defined maintenance needs"
deliverables:
  - "Completion of critical maintainer tasks"
  - "Documentation of work completed"
  - "Handoff report and recommendations"
  - "Regular progress updates"
---

## Overview

Maintainer Relief Support provides professional assistance with the day-to-day tasks that keep your open source project running smoothly. Our experienced practitioners are onboarded to your project's workflows, technical stack, triaging processes, and community norms - ensuring they can step in quickly and contribute effectively. This service helps prevent maintainer burnout and ensures project continuity during busy periods, vacations, or transitions.

## What We Help With

### Code & Release Management
- Reviewing and merging pull requests
- Managing releases and versioning
- Addressing critical bugs and issues
- Applying security patches

### Issue & Community Triage
- Triaging and categorizing new issues
- Responding to community questions
- Moderating discussions
- Welcoming new contributors

### Maintenance Tasks
- Dependency updates and compatibility checks
- CI/CD pipeline maintenance and fixes
- Documentation updates and improvements
- Testing and quality assurance

## Service Details

**Duration**: Flexible - from short-term relief (weeks) to ongoing support (months)

**Approach**: We assess your most critical needs, get onboarded to your project workflows, and provide targeted hands-on assistance where you need it most.

## Benefits

- **Prevent Burnout**: Get professional backup when you need it most
- **Maintain Project Health**: Keep critical tasks moving forward
- **Continuity**: Ensure smooth operation during vacations or busy periods
- **Expert Help**: Work with experienced maintainers who understand your challenges
- **Flexible Engagement**: Scale support up or down based on your needs

## Ideal For

- Solo maintainers needing temporary relief
- Projects experiencing maintainer burnout or capacity issues
- Teams during transition periods or leadership changes
- Projects needing emergency support for critical issues
- Maintainers taking sabbaticals or extended time off

Commit message:

updated wishes, catalog, logic around prices, documentation, added an initial TOS

src/content/services/maintainer-task-contributor.md, after:

---
title: "Maintainer Relief Support"
description: "Hands-on help to catch up on maintainer tasks - PR reviews, issue triage, documentation, release notes, and community channels."
type: "service"
service_type: "support"
tags: ["maintenance", "support", "relief"]
featured: true
prerequisites: "Active open source project with defined maintenance needs"
deliverables:
  - "Completion of critical maintainer tasks"
  - "Documentation of work completed"
  - "Handoff report and recommendations"
  - "Regular progress updates"
pricing:
  small: 4500
  medium: 8000
  large: 14000
---

## Overview

Maintainer Relief Support provides hands-on assistance with the day-to-day tasks that keep your open source project running smoothly. We onboard to your project's workflows, technical stack, triaging processes, and community norms - so we can step in quickly and contribute effectively. This service helps prevent maintainer burnout and ensures project continuity during busy periods, vacations, or transitions.

## What We Help With

### Code & Release Management
- Reviewing and merging pull requests
- Managing releases and versioning
- Addressing bugs and issues

### Issue & Community Triage
- Triaging and categorizing new issues
- Responding to community questions
- Moderating discussions
- Welcoming new contributors

### Maintenance Tasks
- Dependency updates and compatibility checks
- CI/CD pipeline maintenance and fixes
- Documentation updates and improvements
- Testing and quality assurance

## Service Details

**Duration**: Flexible - from short-term relief (weeks) to ongoing support (months)

**Approach**: We assess your most critical needs, get onboarded to your project workflows, and provide targeted hands-on assistance where you need it most.

## Benefits

- **Prevent Burnout**: Get backup support when you need it most
- **Maintain Project Health**: Keep important tasks moving forward
- **Continuity**: Ensure smooth operation during vacations or busy periods
- **Experienced Help**: Work with maintainers who understand your challenges
- **Flexible Engagement**: Scale support up or down based on your needs

## Ideal For

- Solo maintainers needing temporary relief
- Projects experiencing maintainer burnout or capacity issues
- Teams during transition periods or leadership changes
- Projects needing emergency support for critical issues
- Maintainers taking sabbaticals or extended time off
